requirements (Earlier versions may or may not work):
Espeak - tested with version 1.45.03.
This might be the hardest thing to get going.

Lua, tested with 5.1.4.

Lua BitOp, available from:
http://bitop.luajit.org/
If it's not available in your distribution, just extract and run make install as root.
If you don't want to install it system wide for some reason,
running make and copying adapter.so into the adapter directory will be enough
to get it to run.

Compile, and run adapter -D to put it into daemon mode.
If it works, It should say something like:
Adapter ready. con 1

After that, You're ready to go. The default keybindings should be
mostly familiar to windows screen reader users, with a few exceptions,
such as control being used for the modifier instead of insert or caps lock.

Control n - read the last line of the buffer.
This isn't very useful in a shell, because it will read the prompt.
control u, control i, control o - read previous, current, and next line.
control j, k and l - previous, current, next word.
alt s, d, f - previous, current, next character.
Alt used to avoid conflicts with control d.
control t - bypass.
control f12 - read time and date.
alt r - read clipboard.
alt c - copy current line (whichever line your reading cursor is on),
excluding the newline. If the reading cursor
is on the last line of the buffer, and that line has no newline,
it will leave off the last character.
alt p - paste.
f4 - end of buffer.
f6 - toggle TTY clicks on/off.
Compose/applications key - enable/disable the adapter for the current console.
On most keyboards,
this key is to the left of the right control key.
A high beep means it's disabled. In this state,
the only key that will work is compose. The clicks are also disabled.
When re-enabled, the adapter rereads its configuration file.
This is a good way to add new keybindings.
control enter - silence speech.
Control r - continuous read by line.
Sometimes it doesn't read anything, silence and try again.
F12 - parameter.
After pressing F12, press:
e - toggle character echo.
r - rate. Enter a number between 80 and 1000.
Anything out of range will be adjusted.
The maximum rate depends on your version of espeak.
1.45 has the fastest speeds.
If you enter a value that's too large, espeak will just use its fastest speed.
